class ==> com.sun.tools.attach.AttachOperationFailedException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.tools.attach.WindowsVirtualMachine$PipedInputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.tools.attach.HotSpotAttachProvider$HotSpotVirtualMachineDescriptor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.AliasFileParser$Token
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.AliasFileParser
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.PerfStringVariableMonitor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.PerfStringConstantMonitor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.PerfStringMonitor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.PerfByteArrayMonitor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.ByteArrayMonitor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.StringMonitor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Lsun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.v2_0.TypeCode;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.v2_0.TypeCode
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.PerfLongMonitor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.LongMonitor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Lsun.jvmstat.monitor.Variability;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.Variability
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Lsun.jvmstat.monitor.Units;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.Units
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.PerfIntegerMonitor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.AbstractMonitor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.IntegerMonitor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.MonitoredVmUtil
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.v2_0.PerfDataBufferPrologue
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.MonitorTypeException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.Monitor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.MonitorDataException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.MonitorStructureException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.SyntaxException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.v2_0.PerfDataBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.PerfDataBufferImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.MonitorVersionException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.AbstractPerfDataBufferPrologue
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.protocol.local.LocalMonitoredVm$NotifierTask
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.protocol.local.PerfDataBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.AbstractPerfDataBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.protocol.local.LocalMonitoredVm
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.AbstractMonitoredVm
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.remote.BufferedMonitoredVm
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.VmIdentifier
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.protocol.local.LocalVmManager$3
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.protocol.local.LocalVmManager$2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.protocol.local.LocalVmManager$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.protocol.local.PerfDataFile
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.protocol.local.LocalVmManager
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.protocol.local.LocalEventTimer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.protocol.local.MonitoredHostProvider$NotifierTask
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.CountedTimerTask
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.MonitoredVm
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.perfdata.monitor.protocol.local.MonitoredHostProvider
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.MonitorException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.MonitoredHost
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.jvmstat.monitor.HostIdentifier
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.tools.attach.WindowsVirtualMachine
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.tools.attach.HotSpotVirtualMachine
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.tools.attach.WindowsAttachProvider
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.tools.attach.HotSpotAttachProvider
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> com.sun.tools.attach.AttachPermission
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> com.sun.tools.attach.AgentInitializationException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> com.sun.tools.attach.AgentLoadException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> com.sun.tools.attach.spi.AttachProvider
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> com.sun.tools.attach.AttachNotSupportedException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> com.sun.tools.attach.VirtualMachineDescriptor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> com.sun.tools.attach.VirtualMachine
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> com.luc.agentmain.agentmain
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> com.luc.AgentMainDemo.TestAgentMain
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> com.intellij.rt.execution.application.AppMainV2$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> com.intellij.rt.execution.application.AppMainV2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> com.intellij.rt.execution.application.AppMainV2$Agent
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Random
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.SecurityException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.StreamTokenizer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.URLClassLoader$2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.TreeMap$ValueIterator
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.TreeMap$PrivateEntryIterator
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.TreeMap$Values
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.DirectIntBufferU
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.HeapIntBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.IntBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.MalformedURLException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Perf$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.ASCII
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$Branch
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$BranchConn
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$Ques
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$Single
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$GroupTail
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$Dollar
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$BitClass
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$Begin
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$SliceS
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$Curly
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$CharProperty$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$Ctype
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$BmpCharProperty
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$CharProperty
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.VMSupport
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.NumberFormatException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FilenameFilter
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Timer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.TimerTask
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.AssertionError
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.InstantiationException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.IllegalAccessException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.URISyntaxException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.UnknownHostException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.www.protocol.jar.JarURLConnection$JarURLInputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.www.protocol.jar.URLJarFile$URLJarFileEntry
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.www.protocol.jar.URLJarFile
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.www.protocol.jar.JarFileFactory
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.www.protocol.jar.URLJarFile$URLJarFileCloseController
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.www.protocol.jar.JarURLConnection
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.JarURLConnection
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.URLClassLoader$3$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.PrivilegedActionException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FileNotFoundException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.CompoundEnumeration
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.URLClassLoader$3
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.URLClassPath$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ClassLoader$2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.URLClassPath$2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Launcher$BootClassPathHolder$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Launcher$BootClassPathHolder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.util.Enumeration;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.util.LinkedHashMap$LinkedEntryIterator
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.LinkedHashMap$LinkedHashIterator
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.LinkedHashMap$LinkedEntrySet
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.ServiceLoader$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.ServiceLoader$LazyIterator
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.ServiceLoader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.IOException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.US_ASCII$Decoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.SocketInputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.Socket$2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.NetHooks
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.ArrayList$Itr
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.net.Proxy$Type;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.net.Proxy$Type
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.Proxy
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.spi.DefaultProxySelector$3
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.spi.DefaultProxySelector$NonProxyInfo
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.URI$Parser
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.URI
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Matcher
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.MatchResult
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Properties$LineReader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$TreeInfo
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$Start
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$BnM
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$Slice
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$SliceNode
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.NetProperties$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.util.regex.Pattern$GroupHead;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.util.regex.Pattern$Node;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$GroupHead
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.NetProperties
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$LastNode
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.spi.DefaultProxySelector$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [[Ljava.lang.String;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [[Ljava.io.Serializable;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [[Ljava.lang.Comparable;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [[Ljava.lang.CharSequence;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [[Ljava.lang.Object;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$4
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.spi.DefaultProxySelector
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern$Node
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.ProxySelector
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.SocksSocketImpl$3
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.regex.Pattern
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.Inet6Address$Inet6AddressHolder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.Inet6Address
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Void
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.DualStackPlainSocketImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.FloatingDecimal$ASCIIToBinaryBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Class$MethodArray
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.FloatingDecimal$PreparedASCIIToBinaryBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.FloatingDecimal$ASCIIToBinaryConverter
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.launcher.LauncherHelper$FXHelper
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.FloatingDecimal$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.FloatingDecimal$BinaryToASCIIBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.FloatingDecimal$ExceptionalBinaryToASCIIBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.FloatingDecimal$BinaryToASCIIConverter
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.FloatingDecimal
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.PlainSocketImpl$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.NetworkInterface
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.StandardSocketOptions$StdSocketOption
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.StandardSocketOptions
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.HashMap$KeyIterator
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.HashMap$HashIterator
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.URLClassPath$FileLoader$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.HashMap$KeySet
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Collections$UnmodifiableCollection$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> jdk.net.ExtendedSocketOptions$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Collections$UnmodifiableSet
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Lsun.launcher.LauncherHelper;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> jdk.net.ExtendedSocketOptions$PlatformSocketOptions$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.launcher.LauncherHelper
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> jdk.net.ExtendedSocketOptions$PlatformSocketOptions
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> jdk.net.SocketFlow
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> jdk.net.ExtendedSocketOptions$ExtSocketOption
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.SocketOption
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> jdk.net.ExtendedSocketOptions
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FileOutputStream$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.ExtendedSocketOptions
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.SocksSocketImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.PlainSocketImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.SocketImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.SocketOptions
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.SocksConsts
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.Inet4Address
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.usagetracker.UsageTrackerClient$3
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.net.InetAddress;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> sun.usagetracker.UsageTrackerClient$2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.InetAddress$2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.spi.nameservice.NameService
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.usagetracker.UsageTrackerClient$4
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.Inet6AddressImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.InetAddressImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.usagetracker.UsageTrackerClient$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicBoolean
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.InetAddressImplFactory
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.usagetracker.UsageTrackerClient
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.net.InetAddress$Cache$Type;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.net.InetAddress$Cache$Type
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.InetAddress$Cache
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.InetAddress$InetAddressHolder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.PostVMInitHook$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> jdk.internal.util.EnvUtils
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.PostVMInitHook$2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.PostVMInitHook
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.MethodHandleStatics$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.MethodHandleStatics
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.MemberName$Factory
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ClassValue$Version
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ClassValue$Identity
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.InetAddress$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.lang.ClassValue$Entry;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.lang.ClassValue$Entry
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.security.action.GetBooleanAction
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.MethodHandleImpl$4
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ClassValue
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.InetSocketAddress$InetSocketAddressHolder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.lang.invoke.MethodHandle;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.lang.invoke.MethodHandleImpl$3
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.InetAddress
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.MethodHandleImpl$2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.function.Function
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.MethodHandleImpl$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.InetSocketAddress
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.SocketAddress
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.MethodHandleImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.Socket
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.security.ProtectionDomain;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashMap$ForwardingNode
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.InvocationTargetException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.NoSuchMethodException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.instrument.InstrumentationImpl$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.lang.reflect.Method;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.security.BasicPermissionCollection
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.UnresolvedPermission
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.AllPermission
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FilePermissionCollection
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FilePermission$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FilePermission
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.www.MessageHeader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.www.protocol.file.FileURLConnection
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.www.URLConnection
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.URLConnection
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.Permissions
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.PermissionCollection
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.zip.CRC32
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.zip.Checksum
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.ByteBuffered
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Package
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.jar.Attributes$Name
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.ByteArrayOutputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.jar.Manifest$FastInputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.jar.Attributes
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.URLClassPath$JarLoader$2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Resource
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.URLClassPath$FileLoader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.HashSet
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.LinkedList$Node
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.LinkedList
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.AbstractSequentialList
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.zip.ZipFile$ZipFileInflaterInputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.zip.InflaterInputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.zip.ZStreamRef
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.zip.Inflater
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.IOUtils
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.zip.ZipFile$ZipFileInputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.jar.JarFile$JarFileEntry
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.jar.JarEntry
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.zip.ZipEntry
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.ExtensionDependency
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.JarIndex
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.DirectLongBufferU
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.LongBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.DirectByteBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.MappedByteBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.ch.DirectBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.PerfCounter$CoreCounters
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Perf
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Perf$GetPerfAction
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.PerfCounter
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.zip.ZipCoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.ArrayDeque
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Deque
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Queue
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.UTF_16
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.UTF_16LE
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.UTF_16BE
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.ISO_8859_1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.US_ASCII
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.charset.StandardCharsets
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.jar.JavaUtilJarAccessImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.JavaUtilJarAccess
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.jar.JarFile
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.FileURLMapper
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.URLClassPath$JarLoader$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.ThreadLocalCoders$2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.ThreadLocalCoders$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.ThreadLocalCoders$Cache
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.ThreadLocalCoders
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.zip.ZipFile$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.JavaUtilZipFileAccess
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.zip.ZipFile
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.zip.ZipConstants
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.URLClassPath$JarLoader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.URLClassPath$Loader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.URLClassPath$3
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.util.URLUtil
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.URLClassLoader$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Lsun.instrument.TransformerManager$TransformerInfo;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> sun.instrument.TransformerManager$TransformerInfo
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.instrument.TransformerManager
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.instrument.InstrumentationImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.instrument.Instrumentation
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.InternalError
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.SystemClassLoaderAction
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Launcher$AppClassLoader$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.www.protocol.jar.Handler
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.URLClassPath
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.security.Principal;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.security.Principal
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.ProtectionDomain$Key
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.ProtectionDomain$2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.JavaSecurityProtectionDomainAccess
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.JavaSecurityAccess
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.net.URL;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> sun.net.util.IPAddressUtil
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.www.protocol.file.Handler
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.URLStreamHandler
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.Parts
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.BitSet
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.net.www.ParseUtil
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FileInputStream$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.CharacterDataLatin1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.CharacterData
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.util.locale.LocaleUtils
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Locale$LocaleKey
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.util.locale.LocaleObjectCache$CacheEntry
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.util.locale.BaseLocale$Key
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.util.locale.BaseLocale$Cache
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.util.locale.BaseLocale
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashMap$EntrySetView
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashMap$ValuesView
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashMap$KeySetView
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashMap$CollectionView
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashMap$CounterCell;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashMap$CounterCell
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashMap$Node;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashMap$Node
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashMap$Segment;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.util.concurrent.locks.Lock;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashMap$Segment
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.concurrent.locks.Lock
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashMap
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentMap
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Locale$Cache
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.util.locale.LocaleObjectCache
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Locale
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.Array
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.HashMap$TreeNode
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.UTF_8$Decoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FileReader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.InputStreamReader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.BufferedReader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.Reader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.MetaIndex
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.io.File;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.util.StringTokenizer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Launcher$ExtClassLoader$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.URLClassLoader$7
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.JavaNetAccess
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.WeakHashMap$KeySet
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Collections$SetFromMap
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.util.WeakHashMap$Entry;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.util.WeakHashMap$Entry
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ClassLoader$ParallelLoaders
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.security.util.Debug
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Launcher$Factory
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.URLStreamHandlerFactory
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Compiler$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Compiler
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.IllegalArgumentException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.System$2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.JavaLangAccess
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.io.Win32ErrorMode
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.OSEnvironment
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.lang.Integer;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.Number;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.lang.Integer$IntegerCache
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.NativeSignalHandler
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Signal
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Terminator$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.SignalHandler
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Terminator
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.LinkedHashMap$Entry
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.ExpiringCache$Entry
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ClassLoaderHelper
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ClassLoader$NativeLibrary
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.io.File$PathStatus;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.Enum;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.lang.ClassLoader$3
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.charset.CoderResult$2
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.charset.CoderResult$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.charset.CoderResult$Cache
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.charset.CoderResult
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.HeapCharBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.CharBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Readable
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.ext.DoubleByte$Encoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.StringCoding$StringEncoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.file.Path
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.file.Watchable
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.File$PathStatus
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Enum
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.ExpiringCache$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.LinkedHashMap
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.ExpiringCache
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.WinNTFileSystem
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FileSystem
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.DefaultFileSystem
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.BufferedWriter
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.Bits$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.JavaNioAccess
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicLong
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.ByteOrder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.Bits
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.HeapByteBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.ByteBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.UTF_8$Encoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.charset.CharsetEncoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.ArrayEncoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.UTF_8
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.Unicode
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.security.action.GetPropertyAction
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.StreamEncoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.OutputStreamWriter
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.Writer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.BufferedOutputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.PrintStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FilterOutputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.misc.ReflectUtil
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicReferenceFieldUpdater$AtomicReferenceFieldUpdaterImpl$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.PrivilegedExceptionAction
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicReferenceFieldUpdater$AtomicReferenceFieldUpdaterImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicReferenceFieldUpdater
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.BufferedInputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FilterInputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FileOutputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.OutputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.Flushable
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FileDescriptor$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.JavaIOFileDescriptorAccess
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FileDescriptor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.FileInputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Version
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Runtime
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Hashtable$Enumerator
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Iterator
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Enumeration
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Objects
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Collections$SynchronizedSet
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Collections$SynchronizedCollection
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Hashtable$EntrySet
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.charset.CodingErrorAction
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.ext.DoubleByte$Decoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.charset.CharsetDecoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.ArrayDecoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.ext.DelegatableDecoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.ext.DoubleByte
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.StringCoding$StringDecoder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> jdk.internal.misc.TerminatingThreadLocal
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.lang.ThreadLocal$ThreadLocalMap$Entry;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.ref.WeakReference;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.ref.Reference;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.lang.ThreadLocal$ThreadLocalMap$Entry
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ThreadLocal$ThreadLocalMap
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.StringCoding
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [[C
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.Cloneable;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> sun.nio.cs.ext.GBK
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.HistoricallyNamedCharset
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.TreeMap$Entry
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.ASCIICaseInsensitiveComparator
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.TreeMap
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.NavigableMap
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.SortedMap
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.ReflectionFactory$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Class$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.lang.reflect.Constructor;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.reflect.Executable;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> sun.nio.cs.ext.ExtendedCharsets
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.AbstractCharsetProvider
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.charset.Charset$ExtendedProviderHolder$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.charset.Charset$ExtendedProviderHolder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Arrays
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.ReflectAccess
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.LangReflectAccess
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.Modifier
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ClassValue$ClassValueMap
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.WeakHashMap
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.annotation.AnnotationType
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Class$AnnotationData
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.generics.repository.ClassRepository
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.generics.repository.GenericDeclRepository
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.generics.repository.AbstractRepository
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.lang.reflect.Field;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.reflect.Member;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.reflect.AccessibleObject;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.lang.Class$Atomic
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Class$ReflectionData
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Class$3
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ThreadLocal
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.StandardCharsets$Cache
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.StandardCharsets$Classes
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.StandardCharsets$Aliases
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.util.PreHashedMap
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.StandardCharsets
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.nio.cs.FastCharsetProvider
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.charset.spi.CharsetProvider
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.charset.Charset
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ref.Finalizer$FinalizerThread
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Math
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.util.Hashtable$Entry;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.util.Hashtable$Entry
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.VM
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.util.HashMap$Node;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.util.Map$Entry;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.util.HashMap$Node
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Map$Entry
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.HashMap
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.Reflection
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.lang.String;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.CharSequence;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.lang.NoSuchMethodError
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.IncompatibleClassChangeError
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.SharedSecrets
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ref.Reference$1
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.JavaLangRefAccess
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.lang.Thread;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.Runnable;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.lang.ref.ReferenceQueue$Lock
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ref.ReferenceQueue$Null
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Collections$UnmodifiableRandomAccessList
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Collections$UnmodifiableList
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Collections$UnmodifiableCollection
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Collections$EmptyMap
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.AbstractMap
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Collections$EmptyList
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Collections$EmptySet
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.AbstractSet
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Set
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Collections
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.ArrayList
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.InterruptedException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ref.Reference$ReferenceHandler
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ref.Reference$Lock
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.ReflectionFactory
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Stack
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Vector
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.AbstractList
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.AbstractCollection
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.RandomAccess
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.List
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Collection
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Iterable
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.security.cert.Certificate;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.security.cert.Certificate
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.ReflectionFactory$GetReflectionFactoryAction
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.PrivilegedAction
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.ReflectPermission
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.AccessController
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.RuntimePermission
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.BasicPermission
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.Permission
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.Guard
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.lang.StackTraceElement;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.ThreadGroup;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.Thread$UncaughtExceptionHandler;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.lang.String$CaseInsensitiveComparator
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Comparator
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.io.ObjectStreamField;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.Comparable;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.io.ObjectStreamField
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.lang.OutOfMemoryError;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.VirtualMachineError;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.Error;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.Throwable;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.lang.ArithmeticException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.NullPointerException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [Ljava.lang.Class;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.io.Serializable;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.reflect.GenericDeclaration;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.reflect.AnnotatedElement;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.reflect.Type;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Ljava.lang.Object;
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> java.lang.Long
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Integer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Short
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Byte
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Double
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Float
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Number
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Character
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Boolean
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.nio.Buffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.StackTraceElement
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.CodeSource
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Launcher$ExtClassLoader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Launcher$AppClassLoader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Launcher
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.jar.Manifest
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.URL
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.net.URLClassLoader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.File
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.ByteArrayInputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.InputStream
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.Closeable
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.AutoCloseable
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Unsafe
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.StringBuilder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.StringBuffer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.AbstractStringBuilder
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Appendable
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.VolatileCallSite
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.MutableCallSite
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.ConstantCallSite
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.CallSite
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.BootstrapMethodError
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.MethodType
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.LambdaForm
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.MethodHandleNatives
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.MemberName
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.DirectMethodHandle
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.CallerSensitive
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.annotation.Annotation
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.UnsafeStaticFieldAccessorImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.UnsafeFieldAccessorImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.FieldAccessorImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.FieldAccessor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.ConstantPool
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.DelegatingClassLoader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.ConstructorAccessorImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.ConstructorAccessor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.MethodAccessorImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.MethodAccessor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.reflect.MagicAccessorImpl
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.Constructor
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.Method
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.Executable
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.Parameter
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.Field
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.Member
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.AccessibleObject
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Properties
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Hashtable
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Dictionary
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.util.Map
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ThreadGroup
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Thread$UncaughtExceptionHandler
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Thread
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Runnable
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ref.ReferenceQueue
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ref.Finalizer
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> sun.misc.Cleaner
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ref.PhantomReference
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ref.FinalReference
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ref.WeakReference
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ref.SoftReference
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ref.Reference
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.IllegalMonitorStateException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.StackOverflowError
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.OutOfMemoryError
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.VirtualMachineError
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ArrayStoreException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ClassCastException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.LinkageError
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ClassNotFoundException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ReflectiveOperationException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.SecureClassLoader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.AccessControlContext
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.security.ProtectionDomain
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.SecurityManager
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.RuntimeException
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Exception
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ThreadDeath
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Error
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Throwable
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.System
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.ClassLoader
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Cloneable
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Class
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.Type
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.GenericDeclaration
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.reflect.AnnotatedElement
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.String
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.CharSequence
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Comparable
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.io.Serializable
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> java.lang.Object
	Modifiable ==> true
class ==> [J
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [I
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [S
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [B
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [D
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [F
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [C
	Modifiable ==> false
class ==> [Z
	Modifiable ==> false
